Partner Manager 2.16.0 (#200)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/deploy-onpremise.adoc

+
See the Runtime Manager documentation xref:runtime-manager::server-group-create.adoc[Create a Server Group (Hybrid)] for the steps to create a server group.
+

> . xref:mule-runtime::runtime-installation-task.adoc[Download and Install Mule]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. xref:mule-runtime::runtime-installation-task.adoc[Download and install Mule]. 
```

+

> See the Partner Manager release notes for information about which Mule version Partner Manager supports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the Partner Manager release notes for information about the Mule versions that Partner Manager supports.
```
